Create ui-c8y-1020-2-10-lwm-2-m-single-registration-spelling-error-6460-graft-release-cd.md (#2220)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-2-10-lwm-2-m-single-registration-spelling-error-6460-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix spelling error in LwM2M single registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed spelling error in LWM2M single registration
```

> title: LWM2M Single Registration spelling error (#6460) [GRAFT] [release/cd] (#6600)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fix spelling error in LwM2M single registration
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3120
version: 1020.2.10
---

> LWM2M Single Registration spelling error (#6460) [GRAFT] [release/cd] (#6600)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the LwM2M single registration feature, there was a spelling mistake in one of the log messages. This has now been fixed to improve the clarity and consistency of the logging. The change only affects the spelling in the log message and has no functional impact on the feature itself.
```

> In the LwM2M single registration feature, there was a spelling mistake in one of the log messages. This has now been fixed to improve the clarity and consistency of the logging. The change only affects the spelling in the log message and has no functional impact on the feature itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the LWM2M single registration, a spelling error in one of the log messages has been fixed to improve the clarity and consistency of the logging. This change only affects the spelling in the log message and has no functional impact on the feature itself.
```
